docs: clarify Key Vault as secrets documentation (#2402)
Azure/aks-engine: docs/topics/keyvault-secrets.md

> # Use Key Vault as the Source of Cluster Configuration Secrets

Reviewer: I think some of this overlaps with https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine/blob/master/examples/keyvault-params/README.md

Author: It does. I've redirected the example api model readme doc to this new one.

## Overview

> AKS Engine enables you to source the following cluster configuration from Microsoft Azure KeyVault.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AKS Engine enables you to source the following cluster configuration from Microsoft Azure Key Vault.
```

> For official Microsoft Key Vault documentation go [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/basic-concepts).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For official Key Vault documentation go [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/basic-concepts).
```

> In order to use Key Vault secrets as the source of cluster configuration secrets, you pass in a reference to the secret URI in your api model:

Reviewer 3: I wouldn't repeat "secrets": just say "as the source of cluster configuration,".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to use Key Vault as the source of cluster configuration secrets, you pass in a reference to the secret URI in your api model:
```

        ],
        "etcdPeerPrivateKeys": [
            "/subscriptions/<SUB_ID>/resourceGroups/<RG_NAME>/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/<KV_NAME>/secrets/<ETCDPEER0_KEY_NAME>",
            "/subscriptions/<SUB_ID>/resourceGroups/<RG_NAME>/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/<KV_NAME>/secrets/<ETCDPEER1_KEY_NAME>",
            "/subscriptions/<SUB_ID>/resourceGroups/<RG_NAME>/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/<KV_NAME>/secrets/<ETCDPEER2_KEY_NAME>"
        ]
    }
  }
}
```

## Certificate Profile

For parameters referenced in the `properties.certificateProfile` section of the api model file, the value of each field should be formatted as:

```json
{
  "<PARAMETER>": "/subscriptions/<SUB_ID>/resourceGroups/<RG_NAME>/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/<KV_NAME>/secrets/<NAME>[/<VERSION>]"
}
```

where:

* `SUB_ID` - is the subscription ID of the keyvault
* `RG_NAME` - is the resource group of the keyvault
* `KV_NAME` - is the name of the keyvault
* `NAME` - is the name of the secret in the keyvault
* `VERSION` (optional) - is the version of the secret (default: the latest version)

## Service Principal Profile

> For the service principal profile secret, the keyvault is referenced differently. If embedding the secret as plain text, the secret is set in `properties.servicePrincipalProfile.secret`.

Reviewer 3: "Key Vault" should be two capitalized words.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the service principal profile secret, the Key Vault is referenced differently. If embedding the secret as plain text, the secret is set in `properties.servicePrincipalProfile.secret`.
```

If the secret is stored in a keyvault, it can be referenced as follows:

```json
{
  "servicePrincipalProfile": {
    "clientId": "97ffd212-b56b-430a-97bd-9d15cc01ed43",
      "keyvaultSecretRef": {
        "vaultID": "/subscriptions/<SUB_ID>/resourceGroups/<RG_NAME>/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/<KV_NAME>",
        "secretName": "<NAME>",
        "version": "<VERSION>"
    }
  }
}
```

The version field is optional.

## Example

> The example `kubernetes.json` shows you how to refer deployment parameter to a secret in a keyvault.

Reviewer 3: I think this needs "the" before "deployment parameter".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example `kubernetes.json` shows you how to refer the deployment parameter to a secret in a Key Vault.
```

> **Important** The secrets in the KeyVault for the Certificates and Private Keys must be Base64 encoded, and all on a single line -- this means you can't use the `--encoding base64` option of the Azure CLI. Instead you should use the `base64` command:

Reviewer 3: "Base64-encoded" should be hyphenated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Important** The secrets in the Key Vault for the Certificates and Private Keys must be Base64-encoded, and all on a single line -- this means you can't use the `--encoding base64` option of the Azure CLI. Instead you should use the `base64` command:
```

> **Important** The secrets in the KeyVault for the Certificates and Private Keys must be Base64 encoded, and all on a single line -- this means you can't use the `--encoding base64` option of the Azure CLI. Instead you should use the `base64` command:

Reviewer 3: "Key Vault" should be two words.

```sh
  # On OSX base64 will not wrap by default
  az keyvault secret set --vault-name KV_NAME --name NAME --value "$(cat ca.crt | base64 --break=0)"

  # On Linux it will wrap at 76 chars by default
  az keyvault secret set --vault-name KV_NAME --name NAME --value "$(cat ca.crt | base64 --wrap=0)"
```

> ## KeyVault Configuration

Reviewer 3: "Key Vault" should be two words in this header.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Key Vault Configuration
```

> To enable Azure Resource Manager to retrieve the secrets from the KeyVault, template deployment must be enabled on the KeyVault:

Reviewer 3: "Key Vault" should be two words (x2).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable Azure Resource Manager to retrieve the secrets from the Key Vault, template deployment must be enabled on the Key Vault:
```
